here we are going through and he's sound
asleep we want him up with us filling
out some of this water that's what we
want they said don't you can and he gets
up and he speaks to the wind and wave
peace be still he says and thus gone
ceases in this story that we read he's
not with them they're by themselves that
know Jesus to wake up from behind the
part of the shift he's not there maybe
the picture of Jesus praying is to give
us a clue as to why we should pray
because unexpected storms call and we
get a chance to pick our prayer time we
just don't get a chance to pick our
stones and if we are frayed up no matter
what we can deal with our storms if if
our lives are buffeted in prayer if I my
lives are undergirded with prayer when
you when you pray you'll learn how to
pray in a mother that's bidding that
child farewell going on to school no you
don't have time for the long pregnant of
Lord watch over my child make sure that
my child's all right that's that's a
sharp but powerful prayer you've heard
this one to lord have mercy there's a
whole lot of net
and the more we pray the more we learn
how to pray Jesus demonstrates because
storms come they are unavoidable every
one of us both you and I have been in
stones and and here's a word for you you
go have another one that three places
either you're on your way to one you end
one you just come out of one nobody is
exempt nobody is exempt those of us
who've been in storms we've learned not
the last that people who are now in one
because in just a few days hints you see
hints that's a biblical word there you
see in such a few days hence you're on
your way to one so you don't have to
worry everybody gets a chance to go
through something I believe that's the
reason why we were here shopping and
praising like we were because we were in
one God brought us out a win one and we
know God is going to bring us out or
when we did the one we know God is gonna
bring us out with all of the
he is we know that God is don't bring us
out
you